[IMP] discuss: add documentation for discuss RTC (#12569)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/discuss/calls/troubleshooting.rst

===============
Troubleshooting
===============

This guide will help you diagnose and resolve issues with Odoo Discuss calls. Follow the checklist
first, then use the diagnostic tools if needed.

> Checklist

Reviewer: general comment about this section: I would elaborate on each of these possibilities
where do I check? what value should I expect? how do I correct the situation from here?
providing screenshots might help too

=========

Before exploring advanced troubleshooting options, verify these common issues:

- Is the **browser up to date**?
- Are there any network-limiting **browser extensions** installed?

> - Is the **Odoo bus** operational?

Reviewer: How do I know as an average non-technical user?

Author: There is the "connection lost" alert that Matthieu added recently

- Are you behind a strong **firewall, VPN, or asymmetric NAT**?

>    - If so, is a **TURN** or **SFU server** available to handle this network situation?

Reviewer: should we mention that this only applies to users who are on-premise?

- Is the issue related to a **user setting**?

>    - Are call participants missing from the view? Check if "Show video participants only" is enabled

Reviewer: Clarify where to check

>    - Has microphone and camera **access** been granted in the browser permissions?

Reviewer: I would move this to the top of the list as it's the easiest to check

Gathering diagnostic information
================================

When you encounter problems with Discuss calls, follow these steps to collect important
diagnostic data:

1. Enable **debug mode**

> 2. Activate RTC logging in the call settings

Reviewer: How?

.. note::

>    Critical errors are always logged, even without RTC logging enabled. The logging option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Critical errors are always logged, even without RTC logging enabled. Note that the logging option
```

   is not saved and must be activated after each page reload (to avoid forgetting it and using
   memory and resources when not necessary).

Diagnostic information sources
==============================

Source 1: Console command
-------------------------

Enter this code in your browser's console (CTRL+Shift+I):

.. code-block:: javascript

    const rtc = odoo.__WOWL_DEBUG__.root.env.services["mail.store"].rtc;
    rtc.state.channel?.rtcSessions.map((session) => ({
        name: session.name,
        id: session.id,
        session: { ...session },
        consumers: rtc.sfuClient?._consumers.get(session.id),
        peer: rtc.p2pService?.peers.get(session.id),
    }));

This command provides a list of all sessions in your current call, showing important information for

> each participant. This is particularly useful for examining participants with connection issues.

Reviewer: What kind of important information?

.. image:: troubleshooting/command-output.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Console output showing a list of session data for call participants

Source 2: Context menu
----------------------

Check connection status through the participant options menu:

> 1. Hover over a participant video

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. While in a call, hover over a participant's video
```

The menu shows connection details for:
- Yourself when connected to the SFU
- Other participants when you have a peer-to-peer connection with them

.. image:: troubleshooting/context-menu-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The context menu button appears when hovering over a participant video

.. image:: troubleshooting/context-menu.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The context menu shows connection details for the participant

.. warning::
   In a peer-to-peer connection, if the ICE connection is stuck at "new", it typically indicates the
   absence of TURN servers, which are needed to traverse certain types of NATs and firewalls.

Source 3: Logs
--------------

Detailed logs that contain information on the state of calls and the technical events/errors.

Browser console
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Access through your browser's developer tools:

.. image:: troubleshooting/devtools-console.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Browser developer tools console showing RTC-related log entries

Downloaded logs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Obtain logs for the calls that were recorded during the **last 24 hours**.
User information in the logs are **anonymized**.

1. Go to Discuss settings

> 2. Click the "Download logs" button

Reviewer: What about the 'log RTC events' toggle? What is its purpose?

.. image:: troubleshooting/rtc-logs.png
   :align: center
   :alt: RTC logs download button in Discuss settings

.. note::
   All tabs log to the same file (which can be downloaded from any other tab)
   and are stored for 24h.

> You can send upload these longs in an issue ticket or analyze them with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can send these logs in a support ticket or analyze them with the
```

> `RTC Log Viewer <https://thanhdodeurodoo.github.io/rtc-log-viewer/>`_.

Reviewer: What is it?
